
        Inheritance of Competence:
-   Have various layers of agents that make decisions better than the others,
    but in case an agent doesn't know what to do, he gives the decision to the super agent.
-   Possible layers:
        -> Fully Random Agent:
            This agent makes uniformly random decisions, out of all possibilities.
        -> Ignorant Experienced Agent:
            This agent makes decisions independent of the match, only based on general rules from my experience,
            or some statistics of previous games. I.e., he will always play Normal, unless Armut is possible, in which case he will play Armut.
            Because he plays uninformed and deterministic, he is still very easy to beat, but probably much better than random.
            He will resort to the Random Agent, if no standard rule is specified for a case.
        -> Score-Based Agent:
            This agent assigns a simple score to each decision, based on the value of his cards. Each cards get's a score consisting of two dimensions.
            One dimension is just the end score value of the card, and another one is some function of the order relation in the match.
            He will resort to the Ignorant Experienced Agent, if all possible decisions have similar scores.
        -> Exhaustive Probabilistic Search Agent
            This agent will try to approximate the probabilities of winning for each decision, and choose according to that approximation.
            He is therefore the most intelligent fully-automated Agent. He has a timeout assiged.
            He resorts to the Score-Based Agent, in case of a timeout, or if no good decision is found.
            If multiple good decisions are found, he restricts the behaviour of the Score-Based Agent to only those, and delegates.
        -> Informed Experienced Agent
            This agent just specifies some specific rules, but based on the current game state, of smart behaviour from my experience.
            So he is similar to the Ignorant Experienced Agent, but these decision proposals will be much more reasonable.
            He mostly resorts to the Exhaustive Probabilistic Agent, when no rule is applicable.
        -> ...?
-   This scheme allows incorporating prior experience, as well as exhaustive strategies.
    Many layers ensure that cases of weakness of one strategy are simply handled by the next best strategy.
        
